I discovered this a few years ago this
is colcannon and it's a way to make sure
that potatoes are about as elevated as
you can make them super super easy this
is a really old irish recipe that makes
for my panther and is this companion is
so what it means is white-headed cabbage
and irish one of them and it's
traditionally served on salad and i hope
i'm pronouncing that right it's the day
after Halloween if I'm not somebody tell
me but it's really easy let me show you
how you do it now back here I've got I'd
say about two two and a half pounds of
Irish potatoes and I'm just simmering
them off over here I've got about half a
pound of bacon and out of the pan that I
did the bacon it i drained out all of
the grease aha about two cups of
shredded cabbage that's nothing right in
here and I don't want to stir fry it or
saute it actually want to barely steam
it my time is about to go off so I'm
putting a little bit of water what this
is gonna do it's gonna get all the
little make any stuff off the bottom
without the grease and I don't want to
let it go so long that it gets soggy I
just want to get it a little bit tender
so I'm gonna cover this up back here
just to get hot cup of cream this is
what no you know we you not only like
Ireland for a reason you a backup of
better now in Ireland and this is what
best thing when they serve this they
serve
family-style and they could have a bill
and they put a hole in the center of the
potatoes and they fill that with Nutter
Butter and the whole deal is that you're
supposed to take a fork full of potatoes
and dip it melted butter yeah that's a
good start okay now my potatoes are
almost done I've got my cabbage sitting
here gonna steam for probably five or
six minutes potatoes are good and I'm
letting the cream and the butter get
warm and kind of come together I'm gonna
drain these off and come right back and
I'll show you how super-easy this is
really good all right Suman steamed off
my potatoes and then when I put them
back into the warm pot put them back
into the hot pot because it helps dry
them off I care I'm in the cream and the
butter that I have melted back here I
have the cabbage right here that I've
given just a few minutes I'm still want
some texture and some crunch to it
when I crunch the bites I guess so that
is coming right over here into the pot
yeah I like to do the green onions that
go in here these are tiny they got very
mild flavor so I don't want to cook them
if you want to if you want a softer
flavor go ahead and throw them in the
pot with the cabbage for the last couple
of minutes and then right in there
and if you've added the cream of the
butter and it's a little too dry say
about some of the potato cooking water
and use that but then if you do that
watch the salt because the weed
little too salty careful black pepper
okay so all I'm doing it's gonna mash
this up transfer it over there and get
ready to show you what will probably be
your new favorite temperature
all right you go ahead and said the
whole family's the whole thing well
unfortunately I'm here all by myself
there we go you got a love I think this
defines it a little bit of green onion
the cabbage a little bit baking and
right into the melted butter
I can move to Ireland
you